Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, this is a recap video.
So, we're just going to go over some things that are on my heart and I'll say a little prayer at the end, but it's not a big long prayer video.
I want to go over the revival and what the Lord showed me about that and Gavin, which I think the thing about Gavin yesterday in prayer...
We record these videos sometimes a day or two days before, and none of the riots were taking place in LA whenever the Lord showed me this.
I saw Gavin's face and the Lord said, "I'm about to deal with Gavin Newsom, for there are dark things that are going to be uncovered in the days ahead and his days as being governor of California are numbered.
" And I thought, "Well, Lord, that's a very strong word.
" And I almost didn't speak it out.
If you remember going back and listening to that video, I said, "Should I say that out loud?
" And he said, "Not only him, but others in high positions of authority across America.
They're going to be removed.
" In other words, I don't want to say taken out or whatever because that sounds like something really bad, but I'm just saying the Lord said, "I'm going to deal with them.
" So, I thought, "Wow, that's really strong.
" And then within a 48-hour period, we've had a major uprising of Antifa and bad stuff going on in Los Angeles rioting, and they had to send the National Guard in and it's a pretty serious situation.
It sounds like if we go back to the other words that the Lord gave me about California and I saw more fires, I saw a shaking coming to California.
When I saw the fires when the fires were breaking out on the cliffs of California, the Lord told me there would be revivals taking place in celebrities' houses, and there would be like a major revival that would take place in a celebrity's house.
I saw a lot of celebrities coming to the kingdom of God in the days ahead and that would be a great shaking in California.
The Lord said that this was just the beginning with the fires, that this was part of the acceleration of seed time and harvest that was taking place and because of the acceleration of seed time and harvest, because of bad decisions, because of bad voting, bad government, he said because of the way they voted with the reprobate mind.
They voted against going the way he wanted to go with changing America and making America great because there was so much of an overwhelming vote to go Democratic.
He said these places of Democratic refuge, the way they are, because they vote corruption, he said this is a seed time and harvest of acceleration.
We saw the fires, we saw all these things taking place, and he said this would be more in the days ahead.
Remember, I'm trying to rehash some of that word, but it was a very strong word that the Lord gave.
I felt like the Lord has really put on my heart to pray for Elon Musk and for Mel Gibson.
And that's why I thought it was really interesting.
The Lord brought Mel Gibson's face before me about a major movie that he is getting—and the devil is really trying to come at Mel Gibson really hard about this movie and the Lord said he wants to use this movie because of how anointed this new Mel Gibson movie will potentially be.
The Lord said, "You must pray for him because he's coming against demonic attack.
" I don't know what that means.
I don't know if it's funding.
I don't know if it's actors or whatever.
But the Lord showed me that he was going to use Mel Gibson another time for another major motion picture to do something huge for him.
And when this takes place, I saw revival.
I saw the glory coming in theaters across America when this takes place.
Whatever this is going to be, it's going to be something supernatural.
And the Lord said, "Intercede for Mel Gibson.
" So that was part of the other vision that I saw yesterday.
Then I saw revival breaking out in schools.
I saw not just on college campuses, but I saw major revival taking place in high schools and grade schools and all around the world.
I'm talking major moves of the spirit of the Lord.
And this is what I thought was interesting: it was like a heavy—it was a weight of the presence of the Lord.
And I saw it, and this is what I thought was also really interesting: I saw it happening in casinos in Las Vegas—major prayer groups and stuff was taking place in Las Vegas.
And people were pulling the slot machines and gambling and doing things, and the glory from the service in these casinos was happening.
It was so strong.
The presence of the Lord was so strong that people would fall out in the casinos with the glory of God.
And they were crawling, trying to get out of the casino, because the presence of the Lord was so strong on them that they were like they were drunk in the Holy Ghost.
Now, I'm telling you folks, when I was looking over at this, I was like, "Lord," I even said this, "Lord, I believe.
Help my unbelief," because it was so over the top what the Lord was showing me that I was just like, "Lord, I mean, seriously, this is...
wow," you know?
So, I saw people crawling out of casinos trying to get because they didn't know what was going on with them, but they felt the glory of God.
It was the glory, the tangible presence of the Lord in these casinos.
And people were getting born again.
People were getting set free.
And I thought that was amazing.
Then I saw rough parts of neighborhoods like the ghettos of neighborhoods, really rough areas.
And I saw the Bloods and the Crips and these bikers all coming in to these Holy Ghost meetings like Azusa Streets in Chicago and in LA and major cities where people have major gang strongholds, these gang members that would usually want to hurt each other in a normal setting, they were coming in and they were repenting in the glory.
And you saw—I saw people dressed in solid blue on one side of the room and people dressed in solid red, but they were all weeping at the altar, repenting and loving each other.
Bikers, like big burly bikers with beards and vests, Harley-Davidsons, Hell's Angels coming in and getting born again.
Major revivals coming in in these areas, in these suburban areas.
And I was thinking, "Lord, this is over the top," but people getting healed and delivered and set free on college campuses.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm not just going to visit the churches in this last revival.
I'm going to visit the unlikely places, the most unlikely places.
" I saw auditoriums, vast auditoriums full of people like Asbury.
And it was like—I'm just telling you all, folks, the Lord said to me, "It's time to believe me for bigger, for the greatest harvest of souls.
" And this is what he said: "This will be a grace explosion, one last major push.
" And he said before in Azusa Street, it was one location, one location.
You saw it in LA—I believe that's where it was—you had one location.
But he said, "I'm going to have many Azusa streets and they're going to be everywhere.
" But he said, "Brandon, it'll be something unlike you've ever seen before.
Not anywhere in the world has ever seen this.
" I was in awe at the people at the front of these buildings and these places, repenting and weeping before God as the Shekinah glory came down and a heaviness, even outside.
And I saw it going into the neighborhoods, and it wasn't just in the church, but it was like a glory cloud would go out into the neighborhoods and people were getting healed and delivered.
Not just in the building, but outside in the parking lots, clear out into the neighborhood.
He said, "There will be no sick among you.
No sick among you.
You'll have to try not to be healed.
You'll have to resist it, for there'll be no feeble among you.
" He says, "Where sin abounds, my grace does much more abound.
" I've said, "For where sin abounds, my grace does much more abound.
" And this will be an explosion of grace.
I just, you know, when you have such a hunger for this outpouring, for this move of what we're all expecting and just anticipating, He said, "Anticipate this.
Expect it.
Have an expectation for a manifestation of the glory of God in what I'm about to do in the days ahead.
" I am just so hungry.
And when the Lord visited us yesterday in this prayer time, it shook me.
It challenged me.
And I feel like I have big faith to believe for a lot, because I'm like, "Man, I'm hungry.
I'm anticipating.
I'm expecting God to show up and show off.
I'm looking for it all the time.
Lord, show me where to go and we'll get an RV and park ourselves out there.
" You know, that's what I'm like.
I'm just like, "Man, I'm so hungry.
" All I know is I know a great shaking is coming, and every single time, I tell you all what's coming.
And God told me, He said, "Brandon, I've called you to say the hard things, and you will stand alone, and you will not be popular in the circles that you're used to.
You'll not be popular.
People will—in fact, I have prophecies in private that the Lord said you will stand behind pulpits and they will actually ask you to leave because they don't like what you're going to say.
" In the middle of you talking, the pastor will stand up and rebuke you and say he doesn't want you, but it's from Me.
And the Lord said, "This will be hard, but I'm requiring you to do this.
You will go into some churches and you will correct things.
" And I said, "How is that?
I don't understand.
Oh, God, please.
" But He said, "I'll call you to do the hard things, and you will stand alone.
For there are many men that are saying things that are not of Me, and they're speaking to itching ears, and it has become about money and materialism in My church.
And you will correct this.
" That's not an easy thing to hear Him say.
I just go, "Lord, you want me to go into some churches?
I'm going to say what, and they're going to ask me to leave?
" I don't know what that's going to look like, but all I know is I'm here to tell you I say the hard things, and I know for a fact I hear the voice of the Lord, and I see Him, and I talk to Him.
And I can't go in other people's circles because I go, "What are all the other prophetic voices on YouTube doing?
Am I the only one that's saying about the shaking?
Am I the only one that says the dollar and all these things, that You said You're giving us a window now and warning the people to tell you all that there's great financial stuff happening?
" There's a major, major shaking to awaken coming.
COVID was the first thing that happened, and nobody saw that coming.
Ladies and gentlemen, I can't tell you even like two or three prophetic voices that told you all that a major COVID virus was coming, because most of these people tell me in the emails I got, "Brandon, the church is going to pray all this away.
" That's what happens.
"We have the glory.
We have authority.
There's no shaking to awaken.
That's all after the Rapture.
" Do you know how many people try to correct me and rebuke me, telling me that I'm off?
That there's no shaking to awaken?
"Oh, volcanoes, we have authority over it all.
" But everything the Lord tells me is, "Brandon, there's major earthquakes coming.
" Matthew 24 is about to really take shape.
Ezekiel 38 and 39 war is about to take place.
"Another major virus is coming, Brandon, and it's going to kill hundreds of millions of people.
" And most of the church that I've been around rebukes me and says, "Brandon, we have authority over that.
" And I thought, "Where was your authority in COVID?
Where was your authority?
Y'all hid.
You wouldn't even go to church.
Ninety-five percent of you listened to what the government mandated and you shut down.
" Rodney Howard-Browne was the only one that I knew that had enough guts to say, "I'm standing against the mandate.
" He went to jail, along with a couple of other pastors.
But you talk the talk, but do you walk the walk for what's coming?
Many of you say you have authority and you tell me, "Oh, well, we're going to do all this," but I'm going to tell you, during World War I and World War II, some of the greatest ministers I know on this earth, from Jack Coe to Oral Roberts to all these great men, were all being raised up in that time—from Kathryn Kuhlman, William Brandon, and before World War I, Smith Wigglesworth.
Smith Wigglesworth was in World War I, that whole area of that time in England.
And Lester Sumrall had to leave because the war was taking off.
But none of them stopped it.
And those people were raising the dead.
They were raising the dead, from the books I've read.
And none of them stopped World War I.
None of them stopped World War II.
None of them stopped the influenza virus that took place and killed thousands of people during those times.
None of them.
Even some of the major ministers that I work with said they got sick with it and they were sick for two weeks with it and almost died.
But there's so much, "We have authority.
We're going to do all this.
" All the times, the black plagues, the major viruses in the times past, the wars, the things that have happened prior to this that none of the body of Christ...
Kenneth Hagin didn't stop any of it.
But yet, we have a generation that barely knows how to tie their shoes spiritually, from what I see.
A lot of you don't even know what the beast system is.
I've been asked how many times, "What's the beast system, Brandon?
What's the mark of the beast?
What is all this that you're talking about?
" They don't have a clue because nobody's teaching you in church.
Nobody's teaching it.
I'm the only one bold enough to come on here and tell you there's going to be deception of aliens coming in the days ahead.
I say some wild stuff, but everything I tell you, I've got out of prayer.
Even what I warned you about—not what I saw on television—about Elon Musk, about a rat in the White House.
So many people said, "Oh, Brandon, Elon Musk isn't a rat in the White House.
He's a good guy.
You are so off.
You know who is the rat in the White House, Brandon?
JD Vance.
JD Vance, that's who's the rat.
" And I go, "I never even brought up JD Vance.
The Lord has not shown me JD Vance one time, and I've interceded all the time.
" What I do behind this camera, this happens all the time in my house.
I intercede and I talk to the Father, and He doesn't bring up JD Vance one time to me.
And I said I tried praying over the list that Elon Musk said he had that was going to expose Trump on that.
And the Lord said, "Pray over that.
" And He said, "He ain't on it.
There's things about him that are there, son.
I warned you about this.
There's things that are there, but they don't have anything on him that is incriminating or it would have already been done.
" He said, "Don't waste your time on that.
There's nothing there to incriminate Trump concerning the Epstein files or Epstein list or anything else.
" He said, "There's things there, that there were girls, Brandon, there have been girls, but they were all of age.
Cheerleaders, whatever.
Anything above 18.
" And I'm not justifying it, folks, but I'm telling you what I heard the Spirit of the Lord say.
He said, "I raised up Trump for such a time as this, Brandon, to give you a window of opportunity.
" And some folks come against me and say, "Brandon, I'm a prophetic voice and I want to let you know that America is going to have a great future ahead, and we have good days ahead, buddy.
You're off.
" But I don't hear any of that.
The Lord says, "I'm giving you a window.
I'm giving you a window for finances.
I'm giving you a window to get your house in order and get ready for a great revival that's about to take place.
And a great shaking, a great humbling is coming, for many itching ears are upon the land and many oily lips from preachers are preaching to them, and they're all a bunch of babies across the land, Brandon.
But I'm calling a great shaking to awaken, and many will say this is an Ichabod.
" Many will say, "Brandon, that this is an Ichabod, but I will never leave you and I will never forsake you.
" For true judgment is not going through hard times for a season, but true judgment is separation from me for eternity.
I'm separating the wheat from the tares right now.
I'm cleaning up my church.
I'm raising up new Davids.
For there is a lukewarmness upon the land.
And there must be repentance before there is revival.
And there will be a great shaking to awaken because people are still asleep.
What will get their attention?
I saw new 9/11 events, but it's not like 9/11 where we saw the planes like that.
I saw a great shaking.
I told you I saw 10 major cities.
People freaking out, "Oh my God, what are the major cities?
" I warned you about these major cities.
I said there are people that have crossed over the borders.
And then people want to say, "Well, Brandon, there's nobody that's crossed over the borders.
" I want to say, "Have you lost it?
" We had millions cross the border.
Ladies and gentlemen, I told you my brother has been a sheriff for the Logan County Police Department for years and has buddies there, and they're still finding stuff going on.
I probably shouldn't say some things, but I'm telling you this, folks: there are bad people that have crossed over that border for four years, and now they're going nuts in California.
And you say there's nobody bad over here.
You haven't seen anything yet.
Watch Cuba.
Watch these major cities.
LA is one of them.
And it's burning right now, with martial law probably coming in the near future.
Don't know how far it will go.
I pray it doesn't get that far.
But I'm just telling you, watch LA.
Watch Dallas.
Watch Phoenix.
Watch Denver.
Watch Chicago.
Watch New York.
You want me to keep going?
Watch Atlanta.
Watch Miami.
Ten major cities, and watch Las Vegas.
Watch Seattle.
People don't want to hear that.
But when you have ministers of the gospel preaching the gospel in Seattle this last week, and you had people that did not agree with them, filling up water balloons full of urine and bursting them on the people and trying to hurt them physically for just giving out bicycles and preaching Jesus to them.
And the mayor of the city or the governor said, "We don't want your beliefs in our town.
You're going against us.
We don't want your Christian standards.
We believe the way we believe and you're actually provoking us, and we wanted you to leave.
We're allowing the urine balloons to be thrown at the believers and God knows what else it was.
" Persecution comes for the word's sake, folks.
But I saw a major wave that was taller than the Space Needle at the bottom of it in the middle—a wave coming into Seattle and destroying it.
I saw an earthquake happening.
I saw a major volcano off the Oregon coastline.
All that area, I'm talking major, major volcanic stuff about to happen out there.
And waves beyond your wildest—we've never seen before—ever hit America.
Remember what I told you?
I saw, because of the reprobate minds and the way people vote, I saw an unsewing of Yellowstone.
Do you remember I told you all this?
I saw a covering that was over Yellowstone because of prayer, and it was sewed down.
And because of people and the way they have been, the corruption—like what I'm talking about in Seattle—that was unstitched.
It was being unstitched in the spirit realm, and that covering was being lifted up.
There was a sheet that was over Yellowstone.
A major earthquake took place, and I saw fires all the way up into Alaska, all through British Columbia.
Major, major fires, for some kind of gas was coming up through the earth, and it was all on fire.
It was all on fire.
I don't know why, but people don't like to hear all that stuff.
But the Lord said, "Brandon, I've called you to say the hard things.
" I'll say it again.
And eventually, I saw the land—and I don't know if this part was tribulation or not—but I saw the land splitting, and it went into the water.
It was like 20 or 30 miles inland, and it all fell into the water because of a major fault line in the earthquake.
I don't say all this to scare you, those people that are living in the area, but the Lord told me, "So many of you all are not hearing me.
" That's what he said.
So many of them are not hearing him.
And he said this to me: "They are Lot in Sodom and Gomorrah, and they don't even realize that judgment's coming.
" That's what he said to me.
He said, "So many of them have become so familiar with it, they've pitched their tents there, they're living amongst them, and they don't even realize they're lukewarm and judgment is coming within a 24-hour period.
" And the angels of the Lord—Abraham had to intercede for Lot because he had become so familiar with it.
There's so much stuff like that in these end times.
And there's so many people that tell me, "We're the church.
We hold all that back.
" But the church didn't hold it back to get where it is right now.
The church didn't hold it back to get where it is right now.
Where are your prayers, mighty prayer warriors?
Where are your prayers holding back what's going on in Los Angeles right now?
Mighty prayer warriors, where is it at right now, with the mayor that's running your whole area and saying it's okay to throw urine on believers?
If you're so big in prayer and you can hold it all back, what are you doing to get those kind of people out of power by praying them out?
But yet you say, "No judgment's coming.
" You better hear me.
"Oh, Brother Brandon, you're off base.
" Oh, no.
I'm telling you what I hear by the Spirit of God.
A major shaking's coming to awaken.
And he said, "I've given you a window of opportunity, church, to get ready for the greatest harvest of souls the world has ever seen is coming in hot.
They're coming in hot.
I'm giving you the harvest equipment.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
" There are a lot of spineless people, limp-wristed, and they don't have a backbone.
"But the only ones are my young Davids that I'm raising up.
Great young Davids will rise up in the days ahead, son, and they will take the land for me.
" For there are a lot of seeker-friendly people that are preaching to itching ears.
And there are a lot of people that are speaking for me, saying they're speaking for me, that are not.
And every single time, he said, "Read Ezekiel.
Read these.
Can these dry bones live?
" That's what he said.
"Brandon, do you see the land and all these dry bones in the valleys?
" He comes and talks to me.
"Can these bones live, son?
" I said, "Yes, they can, Lord.
Speak to them.
" Does he talk to you that way?
Can he?
Do you have ears to hear what he's saying?
Or is it only when it's convenient?
Is it convenient?
Is Christianity convenient for you?
For a lot of people, it is.
It's not convenient to pray a lot of times.
On Sundays, it's not convenient to pray.
"I don't have time.
Your videos are too long.
" I hear that all the time.
"I don't have time to pray for an hour and a half, two hours.
Don't you know I want to watch American Idol?
" I don't know, maybe I'm talking to the wrong crowd.
I want to talk to people who are hungry and are set on fire and ready to see a move of God, who know that he's standing up saying, "Jesus is waiting underneath the Huppah, and I'm ready, son.
When you get this job done, I'm coming for you, buddy.
" And I go, "Yes, sir, let's do this.
" That's the kind of man I am, saying, "Yes, sir, Lord.
Here am I.
Send me.
" If they don't want to do it, I'll do it.
If they don't want to clean the commodes, I'll do it.
Send me, Lord.
We had five dead whales in one week in San Francisco.
I told you to watch the fish coming from the deep.
Five major blue whales died in one week.
They said that's never happened before, and they can't figure out why.
Big whales, and they're all just dying.
And doomsday fish are showing up in Australia and the Ring of Fire.
All this stuff's going on, right?
So I told you we would see more and more of this.
But when you start seeing whales die, five of them in one week, that's a pretty big deal, don't you think?
Maybe somebody put poison in the water.
I don't know.
But I told you there was something coming up from the gases from the bottom and it would be more and more and more and things would start happening and people are going to go wow right before things really start getting crazy.
So, it's all coming online.
And I'm not trying to mock folks.
And I know there's a lot of people that want good things, but what has it got us?
We can't even preach the gospel in Seattle, in America, where the First Amendment's legal.
You can say what you want to about Jesus in America, but if you do in Seattle, you're going to get urine dumped all over you.
Do you understand?
This is America.
You got people going down the street in Seattle just trying to give bikes out and tell people about Jesus and pray for them.
And you got people throwing water balloons of pee all on them.
That's disgusting.
And then to get from the mayor saying, "You know what?
It's justified.
We didn't want you in here anyway.
You provoked them.
" And I just go, "Wow.
Wow.
That's assault.
That's disgusting.
That's foul.
But whatever, you know, just the beginning.
Just the beginning of what I know is coming.
And the church better wake up and you better get a backbone.
And people say, "Well, Brandon, what are you coming to?
" I'm just trying to help you.
I could just help my family and go back in there, but I would be disobedient to what the Father's told me to say.
And I will not have your blood on my hands.
They say, "Well, we never heard it.
" Well, Prophet so-and-so didn't say it.
I'm not responsible for what they say.
I'm only responsible for what God's told me to say, and they're accountable.
If they're hearing it and they don't want to say it or they have itching ears and they're trying to, you know, "Well, that doesn't bring the finances in, brother.
You know, I like people to like me and invite me to their churches.
" You know, people don't want you to say—they don't want me coming to your church because I'm going to tell you the truth, you know, and they'll be like, "The Lord said," and they're going to ask you to leave.
And I'll go, "Well, I tried, you know, God bless you on the way out.
" I'm doing my best, but I'm going to tell you, I stand for an account.
I'm accountable for what He tells me to say, not what you do.
And everybody wants to say Elon's a good guy.
He's creating the mark of the beast.
He's a good guy.
He's creating Starlink to communicate with the mark of the beast.
He's your friend.
Don't you like him?
He's a good old boy.
Don't you want to go to dinner with him?
He's talking to devils and growling, going over like that in a corner and playing with spoons.
They say he's on stuff.
I'm like, "Yeah, he's a good old boy.
" Well, Brandon, don't you know he has autism?
Do you know what?
I know what autism is.
I have a child that's still not talking and just barely got out of diapers a year or two ago because Jesus touched her.
That's not autism.
You could say that Asperger's or whatever, folks.
I know what autism is.
My child's been around it for—I mean, she's 21 years old this year.
I get it.
I like to take a picture and I'll tell you what it is.
Let me tell you what true autism is, all this stuff.
There's a hundred different classifications.
All these people say, "Well, they got autism," and they're talking and carrying on conversations.
I'm like, "That's not autism.
Give me a break.
" So, whatever, folks.
That's high functioning Asperger's.
Okay.
Whatever.
No, that's a demon.
That's a demon.
There's a demon in there, and you can see it in his eyes.
If you have any discernment at all, you know.
That's because you don't have no discernment and you can't see it because you're blind, and you can't see, folks.
And I can, and the Lord's given me that gift, and I can see critters on a lot of your pictures on your profile when you make comments.
I say, "That lady got a devil.
That lady got a devil.
" And they all need freedom.
And I'm thankful you're here.
But I'm just being real with you.
So many people walking with so much bondage and they think they got so much going on.
I think you're listening to familiar spirits.
There are straight-up so many people listening to demonic devils.
Well, God bless you all, and we'll see you for the prayer video now.
I'm going to do a prayer video and I'll release that and we'll pray together.
But this is trying to just catch you up to where we are.
Well, if you could subscribe if you haven't subscribed, click the notification bell, like the video, do all the things you got to do.
But we pray for you.
We ask God to richly bless you today.
I thank you, Father, that every single one of them are healthy, whole, healed, and well in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're waking the people up because your Son's return is at hand in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that we are that light in the darkness and we're shining our light bright in these last days.
And I thank you, Father, that the best is yet to come for the body of Christ who's awake.
And we are doing exactly what you've told us to do, exactly when you tell us to do it.
And we thank you, Father, for it in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.